Add g:close_if_last_standing and g:start_insert (#4)
Lenovsky/nuake: README.md

| `let g:nuake_position = {position} (default 'bottom')` | Set the Nuake position to 'bottom',  'right',  'top' or 'left'. |
| `let g:nuake_size = {0-1} (default 0.25)` | Set the Nuake size in percent. |
| `let g:nuake_per_tab = {0,1} (default 0)` | Enable the Nuake instance per tab page. |

> | `let g:close_if_last_standing = {0,1} (default 1)` | Close vim if the Nuake window is the last window. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `let g:close_if_last_standing = {0,1} (default 1)` | Close the editor if the Nuake window is the last one. |
```

> | `let g:close_if_last_standing = {0,1} (default 1)` | Close vim if the Nuake window is the last window. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `let g:close_if_last_standing = {0,1} (default 1)` | Close the editor if the Nuake window is the last one.|
```
